The Central Texas Dachshund Rescue (CTDR) "Happy Tails" adoption segment is part of an episode of an on-going video podcast called "Lone Star Doxie Talk" (LSDT).   Normally an episode of Lone Star Doxie Talk is composed of the following segments:

1.  Intro:  Featuring Charlie the LSDT podcast host.  Charlie welcomes the viewer to the episode, usually has some discussion about some current event, reviews any on-going or upcoming CTDR fundraising events, and then introduces the Happy Tails Adoption Stories.  I will have a starting image of Charlie the podcast host in his podcast studio or some other location as well as an episode dialog file that will need to converted via TTS to be read in Charlie's voice.    One we have the TTS audio file, I have been using "fal-ai/kling-video/ai-avatar/v2/standard" to create the lip sync video for Charlie.   This model has consistently provided the best results.   I have samples of previous dialog text, the related audio, etc. to use as reference.

2.  Happy Tails Adoption Stories:  This is the segment we have been working on because it is the one that takes me the most time in terms of production effort.   If we are able to create a reproducible process for presenting the multi-images of our monthly adopted rescued dogs, then I'd like to see about creating a pipeline for an entire episode of Lone Star Doxie Talk that would incorporate this Happy Tails workflow.

3.  Rainbow Bridge Memorials (optional as this would only be appropriate if a rescue dog passed away prior to being placed in their forever home):   The presentation here would be similar to the Happy Tails Adoption Stories in that there will be images of the dogs that have crossed the rainbow bridge as well as some TTS read in the Charlie podcast host voice to go along with the images.    I have sample dialog scripts, images, etc. when it comes time to work on the Rainbow Bridge Memorial workflow.

4.  Conclusion - Charlie the podcast host does a quick summary of the topics.   Just like with the Intro, there will be a starting image of Charlie the podcast host as well as a TTS audio file of the conclusion dialog which are submitted to "fal-ai/kling-video/ai-avatar/v2/standard" to create the video of the final segment.